Add Location implementation to Toga GTK (#2999)
beeware/toga: changes/2990.feature.rst

> Toga GTK now has basic support for the ``Location`` API.

Author: ```suggestion
Toga GTK now supports location services via integration with Geoclue and the XDG Location Portal.
```
